Ah, ma'am, the people below are not sensible
Withhold your black card.
Please don't live as well as villains.
original
They have never met the real president's wife either
That black card is obviously me
I'm not surprised you haven't seen me.
After all
After getting pregnant with Brother Ye's child
He keeps an eye on me.
Don't let me go out
The president will be here soon.
Go faster.
It drifts any faster
You have to count down.
The president's wife has a child
Some people are really blind
How dare you destroy someone else's marriage?
You said the black card is yours.
What evidence do you have?
Can the waiter who swiped the card prove the person?
Miss, I'm not sure if this card is genuine
Wait a minute, I'll check it out.
I already said you can't offend me
president
This bitch has repeatedly defied my authority
Dare to impersonate the president's wife
What are you still doing?
Drag him out now
You jump to a conclusion after wading through the water argument
Is that how you do things?
How dare you question me?
Don't look at the president's wife
What can you afford?
Get out of here, you beggar
President Nangong arrives
Yeah brother
Hey, president, you're here
This woman dares to impersonate your wife
I was just about to wake you up
My wife only has one.
That is.